1. Angular 13 and 14 Feature
   Angular 14 :-
  1. Stand-alone Components:-
     The Angular 14 modules are optional; however, the goal is to move away from the existing setup by building pipes, directives, and components.
     In order to make Ng modules optional on stand-alone components, Angular has issued RFC (Request for Comments). These modules would not be obsolete in the Angular 14 
     update but will become provisional to keep up with the compatibility of the existing Angular libraries and applications.
  2. Strictly Typed Forms:
     The new Angular version update completely rectifies the major Github issue, i.e., executing strict typing for Angular reactive forms package. The strictly typed forms 
     will enhance a modern-driven approach for Angular to function seamlessly with the existing forms.
  3. Angular CLI Auto-Completion:
     The best part about the Angular CLI auto-completion is that you can improve productivity by delivering the required commands to create modules, directives, and 
     components for your new/existing project.
  4. Improved Template Diagnostics:
     The new Angular 14 update comes with enhanced template diagnostics to shield the developers from generic errors through compiler reconciliation to typescript code.
  5. Angular DevTools:
     In offline mode, you can use the Angular DevTools debugging plugin.

2. WorkSpace : collection of projects
               command : ng new myworkspace
3. project : collection of librabries
4. library : A library is a collection of components, services, directives etc. that can be shared across different Angular projects.
             You generate a new library just like you would a component, service or anything else:
                 command : ng g library mylibrary

5. Dependencies : In package.json file, there is an object called dependencies and it consists of all the packages that are used in the project with its version number. 
6. Dev Dependencies : In package.json file, there is an object called as dev Dependencies and it consists of all the packages that are used in the project in its development 
                     phase and not in the production or testing environment with its version number.
7. Peer Dependencies: In package.json file, there is an object called as peerDependencies and it consists of all the packages that are exactly required in the project or to 
                      the person who is downloading and the version numbers should also be the same.
8. version "14.0.0"   :   defines version
9. version "^14.0.0"  : ^ freezes the major number only.
10. version"~14.0.0"  : ~ freezes major and minor numbers.



H.w. 09-09-2022

1. what is a Pure function.
   In simple terms, pure functions do not have an internal state. Therefore, all operations performed in pure functions are not affected by their state. As a result, the same
   input parameters will give the same deterministic output regardless of how many times you run the function.

  ex. function add(a,b) { 
      return a + b
     }
     console.log(add(4,5))
  =>Advantages of pure functions
   .A pure function works as an independent function that gives the same output for the same inputs.
   .Pure functions are readable because of independent behavior. Moreover, they are straightforward to debug.
   .You can clone an external state into a pure function, but it does not change the purity of the function.
   
   what is Impure function
   An impure function is a function that contains one or more side effects. It mutates data outside of its lexical scope and does not predictably produce the same output for 
   the same input.

  ex. var addNew = 0;
     function add(a,b){ 
     addNew =1; 
     return a + b + addNew
     }
     console.log(add(4,5))
 =>Advantages of Impure functions
   .Impure functions can use an in-place solution to reduce the space complexity.
   .In impure functions, the state can be modified to use the parent variable and call for the function compiling.

  Pure functions vs. impure functions
  .Pure functions do not have side effects. Impure functions can cause side effects.
  .Pure functions return the same output if we use the same input parameters. However, impure functions give different outcomes when we pass the same arguments multiple times.
  .Pure functions always return some results. Impure functions can execute without producing anything.